{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To use PyCharm's deep learning tools in a Jupyter Notebook, you can follow these steps:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Install PyCharm: Install PyCharm on your local machine from the official website.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create a virtual environment: Create a virtual environment for your deep learning project in PyCharm. To do this, go to "File" > "Settings" > "Project" > "Python Interpreter", click on the gear icon, and select "Add". Choose "Virtual Environment" and select your Python version. Name your environment and choose a location to save it.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Install deep learning libraries: Install the deep learning libraries that you need for your project in the virtual environment. To do this, go to "File" > "Settings" > "Project" > "Python Interpreter", select your virtual environment, and click on the "+" button to install packages.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Start Jupyter Notebook: Start Jupyter Notebook by running the command 
\f1\fs26 jupyter notebook
\f0\fs24  in your terminal.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Open Jupyter Notebook in your web browser: Open your Jupyter Notebook in your web browser by clicking on the link provided by the Jupyter Notebook server.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Import PyCharm project into Jupyter Notebook: To import your PyCharm project into the Jupyter Notebook interface, you need to use the 
\f1\fs26 nbimporter
\f0\fs24  package. First, install 
\f1\fs26 nbimporter
\f0\fs24  by running the command 
\f1\fs26 !pip install nbimporter
\f0\fs24  in a Jupyter Notebook cell. Then, import your PyCharm project by running the command 
\f1\fs26 import nbimporter; nbimporter.options["only_defs"] = False; nbimporter.force_import("path/to/your/pycharm/project")
\f0\fs24 .\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Use PyCharm's deep learning tools: You can now use PyCharm's deep learning tools in your Jupyter Notebook. For example, you can use PyCharm's debugger to step through your code, or use its visual debugger to visualize the computation graph of your neural network.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Note that PyCharm's deep learning tools may not be fully compatible with the Jupyter Notebook interface, so you may encounter some limitations. However, this approach can still be a useful way to use PyCharm's advanced features in a Jupyter Notebook environment.\
}